oh this is my review on my lego face and
now my name is Jacob Elio this in case
if you didn't know um so like I said
this is my lego clone base review you
see my last video on some of these
customs are innocent all right here is a
lego turn it thingy from the hoff base
this is a part of the hoff base home so
yeah right here you can see um right
here is Anakin with a lego home
commander dude I made who is not in the
custom video though all right all right
here you have a wall defense which I
sort of put on backwards so it's not
that great all right here's the wall
defense this is a commander Jake is
pretty much me so um right here you can
just sold there's own cleaner dreams 1
over command agrees manage you see my
last video I here are two ladders and
also right here supposed to be a vehicle
I can't find quite okay here it is this
is the vehicle left supposed to go right
here right here most people say the
rocket boosters I think I could be like
little turrets right here's a machine
gun and right there with controls and
I'll take it back out right here and
then also it fit right in here I don't
really think that's that good so like
this to get right here so then over here
is a clone pilot you can see him or not
probably not right here is a regular
chrome directing the ship it's not going
into in case if you didn't know it is
this ship right here it's not going to
flights landing I know it looks like
it's gonna fly though sorry about that
and then to the upper level right here
an elevator and like right here it's a
person in it he's a young bomb squad
trooper you've seen my last video it
close these doors and you can relearn
all the way up which sorry but I'm not
going to do it because I need this to be
short it goes all the way right here
it's my little coward station this spins
I'm spoons and this can go up and down
this antenna can tell like that it could
down like that level block right here
turrets right here steps which a clone
dinner is going to and all know as you
can probably see i have three clown
Gunners i only have two of the comb
walker battle pass this is that my
friend traded me one so I'm anyway in
here there's controls and three cups of
coffee and also i have switching roofs
limbs in neon cannon and the other one
is the one I just showed you this spins
around goes up and down um right here's
a clone gonna right here's a flood I
know it's not in Star Wars I just
decided to edit that right here captain
eggs talking to a scout trooper I get my
last review right here there's a little
turret um you can control right here is
the control room I know not that great
I'm probably going to do updates on this
play I know this is what it is right
here are some controls controls controls
controls controls you get it raise your
community Cody's talking to my lesson
with scott cooper and then I'm right
here you're getting a little poem Walker
battle pack right here's all of this
storage storage storage storage storage
storage storage storage and storage
that's a lot and yeah so I guess that's
it so I just want to show you a couple
of things aren't going to mean an extra
views like this is a droid crusher you
can also pick up to that
and then right here I just started to
work nice big I think that it's
gonna be really cool I was like a foot
fire missile right there I use the other
two for the landing gear right here is
going to be the back engines yeah I'm
gonna work on there and also um oh god I
don't have that much time so I guess
this is jacob lel signing off bye